welcome to the school progress I invite you
to know because our school is the
better the most special and different we are
a Catholic school with more than 103 years
of experience teaching education
quality in school progress we manage
a unique educational program where the
Christian values ​​love discipline
and excellence are our bases
we have the best teaching staff
prestigious professors with
excellent training in values ​​that we
will help and guide us on our way
providing us with the tools to
make our dreams possible
in our school we have large areas
green where we can study
reflect and live with our
friends besides the sport is always
present in our school life we have
soccer fields volleyball and basketball
Outdoor and roofed lab
physical and chemical computation so that
our development is complete our
facilities have no comparison
we also have additional materials and
extracurricular as education in the
faith values english guitar computing
reading ability support mathematician band
of war discovered dance and choirs if
you ask me what I like most about me
school is the environment and my friends are
you can feel from the moment you enter that you're going to
be part of a large family in
where everyone is cared for and respected to be
progress school student means
give the maximum
look for our greatest potential
stand out for our discipline
values and especially by our
religion because we know what's important
what is the integral formation in the
school progress we celebrate the hours
saints all
Holy Mass on Fridays first of
every month as well as holy week
Lent month of Maria Oz
pastorelas and much more fostering the faith
and the Catholic life activates our future
it depends on making the decisions
appropriate of our effort to
discipline that's why I decided to be part
of the cordà and why because here
begins my road to success